retain the first slide but
No Countdown 
no love story 
straight to Wedding details



Final Date: July 18, 2026 @2pm

WEDDING DETAILS

* Church - Elijah Chapel, Taloto District, Tagbilaran City

https://maps.app.goo.gl/Q6BTELBbZWE2kmgt6

* Reception  @ 3pm -Raven's Buffet Restaurant, Dampas Binayran Road, Tagbilaran City

https://maps.app.goo.gl/zUJAHjNTrAxgiKWw6


WEDDING MOTIF

* Change Silk Cream to Light Yellow and Midnight Blue to Classic blue 
the real colors for the motif are pantone 19-
 tpg classic blue and light yellow #FFFFC5

ATTIRE

* Change Formal to Semi-Formal 

* Capslock the note about not wearing all white and all black

Entourage
 ( change to the one with buttons to reveal different names by  catergory, principal &secondary, bearers, offertory and liturgical sponsors, 
* Principal Sponsors
✅ Mr. Anecito O. Gultia and Mrs. Joy C. Gultia

✅ Mr. Marcelo E. Cenabre and Mrs. Mary Ann A. Cenabre

✅Mr. Esmeraldo Reyes and Mrs. Susan L. Reyes

✅ Miss Servana E. Estorpe

Note: Naa pay isa pero g huwat pa ug mo confirm or dili heheh

* Secondary Sponsors
✅ Candles- Mr. Christopher P. Cenabre and Mrs. Jocelyn P. Cenabre

✅ Veil- Anna Maria L. Abella and  Raizah Mariz Ferniz

✅ Cord- Mr. Arnold Sales and Mrs. Eva C. Sales

* Bearers
✅ Ring- Kalea Andi Eunice Abella
✅ Bible- Mark James D. Oclarit
✅ Coin- Jefferson P. Cenabre

* Liturgical Sponsors
✅ First Reading- Ma. Odeza Bornea
✅ Responsorial Salm - Meca A. Cenabre
✅ Prayers of the Faithful- Maria Lucia P. Cenabre

* Offertory Sponsors
✅ Flowers-Mr. Ruben P. Cenabre and Mrs. Jocelyn G. Cenabre
✅ Candles- Mr. Anthony P. Cenabre and Mrs. Geraldine M. Cenabre
✅ Host and Wine- Mrs. Severina C. Alegarbes and Mrs. Ana C. Centinales
✅ Fruits Miss Keara Shaleen L. Sarpamones and Miss  Rosalie G. Saralibo 




RSVP

other notes to be included.
should be on or before July 12, must be decided . It is encouraged to refrain from bringing other guest (close family celebration only as this is an intimate wedding. Make sure that you are sure to attend the wedding once responded yes to the rsvp
another note, if you are bringing a child 5 yrs and above it should be coumted as 1, only 4 yrs old below are considered free for the venue.



photos for the background and photo highlights will be followed, but you can put placeholders that should be elegant and not simple sliders. 




05/28/2026
boiiiiii si ate elyn ang pares ni yaya nya ag kang mark james nga middle name kay D. diay dili R hehe
servana E. cenabre ug Melina E. Cenabre ra boi hehehe


Principal Sponsor Ms. Servana E. Cenabre & Ms. Melina E. Cenabre
Mark James D. Oclarit
change back to formal attire